# CPC + Board + Community Session

## Present

* Manil (@keywordnew)
* Christian (@christian-bromann)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Chris Hiller (@boneskull)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Jory (@jorydotcom)
* Matteo (@mcollina)

### From [GH issue #228](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/228)
A number of important issues (such as the IP Policy or earmarked funds) are the prerogative of the Board, which is absolutely understandable. However, these policies impact projects in a way that can sometimes be important, and it's hard for project contributors to understand who is responsible of what or feel like their voice is heard.

* While the CPC feels approachable, the Board much less so.
* Are the Board and CPC aware of this?
* How does the Board and the CPC communicate?
* How can project leads bring to the attention of the board issues that impact their projects but are the prerogative of the board?
* Etc.

If feels like this would be more productive as a joint session between the CPC and the Board (though maybe folks like me wouldn't be invited to it?). Is this something that's planned or that could be organized?

## Notes

* Board can feel like a black box to new projects - how can we better introduce new projects to the Board, etc?
* How can we make things happen at the Board level that are helpful to the projects
* Kris, Michael are Comm. Directors from the CPC to the board. They deliver updates to the board about things happening on the CPC
* Should we have a regular cadence of joint meetings?
    * We should do more in-person joint meetings (perhaps also pickup the town-halls ideas)
    * Make sure the Board meetings are in the publicly viewable calendar (and that the public cal and the board cal are in sync)
* There's less going on at the board than you can imagine - it's not as active as the CPC. It's more complicated on the legal things, but the board looks for what the CPC wants to do first
* How do we better work together to improve things? 
    * EG joint working groups on tools for probot, IP policies for example
    * Developer / user experience problem as much as anything else?
* The Board of Directors is Todd Moore (IBM, chair); Myles Borins (Google); Charlie Robbins (GoDaddy); Michael Dawson (IBM, community dir); Kris Borchers (Microsoft, community dir); Gaurav Seth (Microsoft); Wonsuk Lee (Samsung/Joyent); Brian McAllister (GroupOn)
* What are the best practices for other OS boards, etc?
* Joint working groups are favorable to the attendees
* Board does have the final say on legal, fiduciary issues but this shouldn't be a black box - can we, do we, where do we, publish info related to those items
    * How can we make sure that what the board is delivering matches the expectations
    * We need more details / visibility
