## 2020-05-05 Summit Planning Meeting

**Present:**

Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)  
Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)  
Christian Bromann (@bromann)  
Robin Ginn (@rginn)  
Matteo Collina (@mcollina)  

**Agenda**

1. **Meta Issues**
    * Pre-filtering questions
        * Which OpenJS Foundation projects do you contribute to?
            * Can we make this a checkbox of all our projects?
        * Checkbox for which days you plan to attend
        * Checkbox for which project summit meetings you plan to attend
    * Link to md file with info for registrants
    * We already collect GitHub ID
    * If you've contributed to OpenJS Foundation projects in the past, what contributions are you most excited about? If you're new to contributing to AMP what areas are you interested in contributing to? 
2. **Venue & Date Updates**
   * QiQo
    * Ask for producer nominees!!
3. **Summit Programming**
    * Will need to push out an email reminding people to build their schedules
    * Facilitator Guide
        * Shannon & Events team have some reqs
        * Darcy & Jory to add that to the guide
    * Back Pack
    * Deadline for Session Proposalsâ€¦.