## 2020-03-24 Summit Planning Meeting

**Present:**

Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)

Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)

Robin Ginn (@rginn)

Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)

Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)

Joe Sepi (@joesepi)

**Agenda**

1. **Meta Issues**
    1. PR #257 - update proposal template
    2. Readme updates still needed
2. **Venue & Date Updates**
   * Capital Factory has withdrawn our contract; back to looking at IBM or MS for hosting
   * border advisory
   * We will not continue if we the current state continues
3. **Summit Programming**
   * tracking Foundation Covid response ([https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openjs-world/attend/novel-coronavirus-update/](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openjs-world/attend/novel-coronavirus-update/))
   * TODO(Christian): Add covid-19 advisory to README.md ([#260](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/pull/260)) 
   * Continue discussion of alternative plans - remote first, online, postponement, etc
        * Foundation events team looking into remote conferencing software
        * Exploring non-attached Summit
        * How would we want to do this if it had to be online?
        * Are we attached to the idea of the summit being at the same time? Advantages of them being together disappears. We could postpone instead of requiring remote. 
        * Tying it with the event does raise awareness of the collab summit - get more newcomers
        * We could peel the newcomers track off and run that along with the World event, regardless of what we do with the rest of the program
        * Should we reach out  to the projects to get feedback?
        * Worth getting people to weigh in and see what would be most useful
        * NodeConf EU - likely would be the second location for NodeJS Collab track, need to find out if that event is still running 
        * OpenJS 2021 is likely March or June, too far in future to skip current one
        * What do we need the software to do?
        * Recording all the sessions - needs to be easy to do and make sure works correctly
        * Need documentation & Tips & Tricks really clear so itâ€™s easier to do (update this please https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/blob/master/SESSION_FACILITATOR_GUIDE.md)
        * Some guidelines for behavior - how to have collaborative discussions without stepping all over one another for example
        * What adjustments need to be made for an event CoC for an online space
        * A way to have casual, small group conversations in an adhoc way
        * A bot that helps generate call links? 
        * Robin: will send along a set of guidelines she read yesterday + lessons learned from .NET foundation event
          * blog series on virtual events with link to Slack in earlier post. [https://dylanbeattie.net/2020/03/24/going-virtual-part-4.html](https://dylanbeattie.net/2020/03/24/going-virtual-part-4.html)
        * Manil - tried a tool that let you join a virtual office 
    * Travel Fund guidance
        * Todo(Christian): add note to repo stating that interested people should hold off with purchasing any flight tickets or accomodations ([#260](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/pull/260))