## 2020-04-21 Summit Planning Meeting

**Present:**

Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)  
Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)  
Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)  
Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)  
Christian Bromann (@bromann)  
Robin Ginn (@rginn)  
Joe Sepi (@joesepi)

**Agenda**

1. **Meta Issues**
    *  Any updates needed for README or website?
        *  Possible change to dates
2. **Venue & Date Updates**
    *  OpenJS World Updates
        * Speakers coming out Monday or Tuesday
3. **Summit Programming**
    *  tracking Foundation Covid response ([https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openjs-world/attend/novel-coronavirus-update/](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openjs-world/attend/novel-coronavirus-update/))
    *  Continue discussion of alternative plans 
        * Format
            * Monday - new contributor day
                * Interest from Fastify, ESLint, Express, Dojo
                * Resources / support materials in advance of day
            * Thurs - project work days	
            * Fri - CPC day
            * AI: Create a draft Agenda to react to/visualize
        * Reviewing tools - Robinâ€™s favorite at [https://qiqochat.com/about](https://qiqochat.com/about)
            * Narrowed to 4 (from 50)
            * Qiqo is the probable choice for collab summit
                * Meeting play or vfairs other option
        * Guide for presenters - 
            * Need to action this - Darcy volunteers
            * Robin getting a good example demonstrating Qiqo functions
        * How can we spark joy / combat online fatigue?
            * Dylan could do a Yoga Room?
            * Christian will look into other ideas