
## 2020-02-11 Summit Planning Meeting

**Present:** Manil, Ruy, Christian, Rachel, Jory, Joe, Wes

**Agenda**

1. **Venue & Date Updates**
    1. 2 Member spaces reported back - not available. Looking into others.
    2. LF Events team looking into whether there is any space that can be recaptured from the conference events on thurs-fri
    3.  Idea from Wes: Capital Factory. 
3. **Registration**
    1. Registration to launch with OpenJS World registration - expected by 2.21 if not sooner (ASAP)
    2. Registration form questions were reviewed by the group in Slack
    3. Nominally set price for $15 (exceptions available)
        * will plan to have registration process, namely to get a firm number of attendees. To be discussed at a future meeting.
4. **Summit Programming**
    1. Research Question: Would your project be interested in holding its own collab summit on the same day in the same city as the OpenJSF Collab Summit?
        12. Answer was generally yes! But we may not have time to pull that off for June 2020. Discussion / Interest in having project 'tracks' seems possible.[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TjTw5An3eTLP735cu7mNEFAoyd19p1ua54HhH57YIcI/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TjTw5An3eTLP735cu7mNEFAoyd19p1ua54HhH57YIcI/edit#gid=0)
    12. Discussion about friendliness/accessibility to new project contributors.
        * would like to schedule a 'new community member orientation' track - getting started in open source, getting to know the Foundation community, etc.
        * Could include brief sessions from project maintainers to introduce their project
        * Encourage maintainers who are speaking to do a 'getting started' session after their talk
        * emphasize workshops, learning
        * Could these run during the main conference?
    3. Discussion about meta-topics - organizing session calls around cross-project relevant themes (best practices, security)
    4. Idea: Put calls out for session topics; attempt to have majority in by late April & plan to fill in from there.
    5. Idea: Don't require session facilitator/leader in order to encourage people to surface discussions they would like to have
    6. Need: Clarify the questions about Travel Fund that project community members will have: How to apply, who is eligible
