# OpenJS Collaborator Summit "Austin" 2020 - June 22, 25-26 

This is a live document that will be changed as sessions are added to the agenda.

A collaborator summit is a mix of presentations and interactive sessions lead by the Teams, Working Groups, and Projects that participate in the summit. For interactive sessions, our time is best served if a the team/working groups/project participate in good numbers (quorum etc).

### Registration:
Attendees must register [here](http://www.cvent.com/d/pnqqmy/4W?ct=50221cf5-5496-4c34-9ec0-3b52b1bf1204&_ga=2.175784992.346531408.1591736714-420567812.1591736714).

### Location:
This is an online only event - we are using the [QiQoChat Platform](https://collabsummit.qiqochat.com/). If you are a session presenter, please sign up for the platform in advance.

Presenters should watch this [brief video](https://soapbox.wistia.com/videos/h5hOoZmiEE) to acquaint themselves with QiQoChat prior to their session.

### Timing:
A welcome session will be held at 8:45 a.m. GMT-5 (US Central) each day. Working sessions begin no earlier than 9 a.m. GMT-5 (US Central). Timing for each session has been determined based on the availability and timezone of the session host(s).

### Async Chat via OpenJS Foundation Slack:
Link to join slack: https://communityinviter.com/apps/js-foundation/join-openjs-foundation-on-slack .
Once you join the OpenJS Foundation Slack Workspace, you can participate in any of the public channels. If you are new to Slack, you can view a full list of available channels by clicking the “Channels” link on the left.

You can ask Collab Summit specific questions of the organizers in #collabsummit.

### Organizers:
- Ruy Adorno
- Christian Bromann
- Jory Burson
- Manil Chowdhury
- Darcy Clarke
- Matteo Collina
- Robin Ginn
- Joe Sepi

### Feedback Form:
Coming soon

## Collaborator Summit Day One: New Contributor Day, 22 June, 2020

### Agenda
| Time (GMT-5) | Session | Host(s) | Issue # |
|------|-----------------------------|----------------------------|---------------------------|
| 0845-0900 | Welcoming Comments & Getting Started (in Info Desk Room) | Event Organizers | 
| 0900-1330 (all day) | Introductions & Info Desk | Event Organizers
| 0900-1100 | Introduction to Fastify | Matteo Collina @mcollina | [263](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/263) |
| 0900-1200 | Building Nodes for Node-RED | Nick O'Leary @knolleary & Dave Conway-Jones @dceejay | [285](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/285) |
| 1000-1200 | Contributing to WebdriverIO | Christian Bromann @christian-bromann | [264](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/264) |
| 1100-1300 | Introduction to Dojo 7 | Dylan Schiemann @dylans Matt Gadd @matt-gadd Anthony Gubler | [281](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/281) |
| 1100-1200 | Contributing to Express | Wes Todd @wesleytodd Jon Church @jonchurch | [283](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/283)|
| 1200-1300 | Contributing to `npm` | Darcy Clarke @darcyclarke | [296](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/296)
| 1300-1400 | OpenJS: Collaboration & Governance | Jory Burson @jorydotcom Joe Sepi @joesepi  | 

_To speak/present a topic/do a session, please open a issue in this repo. Check https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/236 for more details._

## Collaborator Summit Day Two: Project Summit Day, 25 June, 2020

### Agenda - AMP Sessions
| Time (GMT-5) | Session | Host(s) | Abstract |
|------|-----------------------------|----------------------------|-----|
| 0845-0900 | Welcoming Comments & Getting Started (in Info Desk Room) | Event Organizers |
| 0900-1600 | ☕️ AMP Ad Hoc Room 1
| 0900-1600 | ☕️ AMP Ad Hoc Room 2
| 1030-1100 | AMP Year in Review | Malte Ubl | An overview of what's been happening in AMP over the past year and what's coming up.
| 1100-1130 | The future of AMP: AMP as a Service | Naina Raisinghani | Come along to understand how the AMP team is rethinking how AMP can be most helpful to our users and potential users. 
| 1130-1200 | How AMP helps developers meet Core Web Vitals |Patrick Kettner | This talk examines how AMP was already well-positioned to help sites meet Core Web Vitals, and the improvements we've made and are making to make this even better.
| 1200-1230 | AMP Happy Half-Hour | Joey Rozier | Stop by to meet others in the AMP community "in person", and put a face behind the GitHub ids.  This is an informal half hour of introductions and discussing whatever topics come up.
| 1230-1300 | Make AMPHTML Ads Easier | Caleb Cordry | How the AMP team is working to embed arbitrary ad content safely without server side signing
| 1300-1330 | AMP Analytics Breakout | Yuxuan Zhou & Jeff Jose | For developers working on managing user consent. Let's talk about the AMP's user-consent capabilities and latest updates.
| 1330-1400 | TSC Q&A | Joey Rozier | A Q&A session with AMP's Technical Steering Committee.
| 1400-1430 | ☕️ break
| 1430-1500 | Latest in Stories | Jon Newmuis | A technical overview of the latest updates in the AMP Stories format.
| 1500-1530 | Fixing AMP URLs | Devin Mullins | Let's talk about how best to ease signed exchange deployment, including an exploration of potential alternative technologies.

### Agenda - Node.js Sessions
| Time (GMT-5) | Session | Host(s) | Issue # |
|------|-----------------------------|----------------------------|-----|
| 0845-0900 | Welcoming Comments & Getting Started (in Info Desk Room) | Event Organizers |
| 0900-1600 | ☕️ Node.js Ad Hoc Room 1
| 0900-1600 | ☕️ Node.js Ad Hoc Room 2
| 0900-1030 | Promises Developer Experience | Benjamin Gruenbaum | [272](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/272)
| 0930-1030 | Node.js Diagnostics | Gireesh Punathil | [293](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/293)
| 1000-1200 | `AbortController` in core | Benjamin Gruenbaum | [273](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/273)
| 1030-1130 | Node.js Issue Backlog | Gireesh Punathil | [295](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/272)
| 1200-1300 | CI Stability | Sam Roberts, Rich Trott & Ash Cripps | [274](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/274)
| 1300-1400 | Unifying Hook Systems in Node.js | Stephen Belanger | [294](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/294)
| 1300-1400 | Node.js Tooling Group Collaboration | Chris Hiller, Ben Coe | [299](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/299)|
| 1400-1600 | Node.js: The next 10 years | Michael Dawson | [279](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/279)


### Agenda - Project Sessions
| Time (GMT-5) | Session | Host(s) | Issue # |
|------|-----------------------------|----------------------------|-----|
| 0845-0900 | Welcoming Comments & Getting Started (in Info Desk Room) | Event Organizers |
| 0900-1600 | ☕️ Ad Hoc Room 1
| 0900-1600 | ☕️ Ad Hoc Room 2
| 0900-1100 | jQuery Core Contributors Meeting | Timmy Willison | [254](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/254)
| 0900-1000 | WebdriverIO Contributors Meeting | Christian Bromann | [287](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/287)
| 1000-1300 | TC53 Meeting - Day 1 | Donovan Buck, Peter Hoddie | [273](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/273)
| 1500-1600 | Mocha Contributor's Meeting | Chris Hiller | [284](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/284)


_To speak/present a topic/do a session, please open a issue in repo. Check https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/236 for more details._

## Collaborator Summit Day Three: Cross-Project Summit Day, 26 June, 2020

### Agenda
| Time (GMT-5) | Session | Host(s) | Issue # or Abstract|
|------|-----------------------------|----------------------------|-----|
| 0845-0900 | Welcoming Comments & Getting Started (in Info Desk Room) | Event Organizers |
| 0900-1600 | ☕️ Ad Hoc Room 1
| 0900-1600 | ☕️ Ad Hoc Room 2
| 0900-1600 | CPC Meeting Room
| 0900-1000 | OpenJS Foundation Marketing Support | Rachel Romoff | [300](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/300)
| 1000-1300 | TC53 Meeting - Day 2 | Donovan Buck, Peter Hoddie | [273](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/273)
| 1030-1100 | MDN Web Docs Discussion | Chris Mills | [290](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/290)
| 1030-1100 | Scaling Open-Source Infrastructure | Ryan Cebulko | AMP has made significant improvements to our infrastructure over the last year, including nightly and long-term-stable releases, release automation, a code ownership bot and more.  This talk covers these improvements, as well as challenges and lessons learned in scaling open-source projects.
| 1100-1200 | Internationalization & Globalization support for Node.js | Ben Michel | [292](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/292)
| 1100-1130 | Latest in Bento AMP: How you too can use AMP components outside of AMP |  Dima Voytenko | The AMP project shared the initial roadmap for Bento AMP 2 years ago. Come along to get an update on the project and understand how you can use AMP components regardless of what framework/library you use.
| 1130-1200 | How to integrate AMP into your framework or CMS |Sebastian Benz | AMP works best in combination with another framework and CMS. Based on my learnings from integrating AMP into Next.js and Eleventy I want to share a set of best practices for building great AMP integration.
| 1200-1230 | AMP Happy Half-Hour | Joey Rozier | Stop by to meet others in the AMP community "in person", and put a face behind the GitHub ids.  This is an informal half hour of introductions and discussing whatever topics come up.
| 1200-1300 | Package Maintainence WG | Wes Todd | [275](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/275)
| 1230-1300 | Accessibility in AMP: A Case Study | Caroline Liu | This talk covers a brief history of accessibility efforts by the UI-and-a11y working group on the AMPHTML project and current initiatives.
| 1300-1400 | Is our approach to consensus working | Maggie Pint & Myles Borins | [297](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/297)
| 1300-1330 | So you think AMP needs a new AMP component | Alan Orozco | What do we think about when considering whether to add a new component to AMP or find ways to re-use existing components?
| 1330-1400 | How can AMP make it easier to get involved in contributing? | Ben Morss | For existing contributors and for those who simply want to help AMP be more open: let's talk about how AMP can make it easier to involve new contributors!
| 1400-1500 | HTTP 2/3 evolution | Ethan Arrowood | [278](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/278) 
| 1500-1600 | `npm` OpenRFC meeting | Darcy Clarke & Ruy Adorno | [282](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/282)


_To speak/present a topic/do a session, please open a issue in repo. Check https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/236 for more details._

## Social Media Hashtag
The social media hashtag for OpenJS Collab Summit is [#OpenJSCollabSummit](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23OpenJSCollabSummit)

## Session Facilitator Information
It would be fantastic if each one of the breakouts is facilitated by a person who will be responsible to "run" the breakout and do a quick presentation at the end. This person would also set outcomes from the breakout to  optimally leverage our time together. There is a facilitator guide available [here](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/blob/master/SESSION_FACILITATOR_GUIDE.md).

## Code of Conduct
This event adheres to the OpenJS Foundation's Code of Conduct, which can be viewed at [code-of-conduct.openjsf.org](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). To report an incident, please email [report@lists.openjsf.org](mailto:report@lists.openjsf.org) or contact an Event Organizer or Foundation staff member.

